[musics]
Yes hi motion good this time motion custody 3d text
I'd like to play with it a little, so I immediately put in a piece of text Ooi Ilay and it's central
To enter there or Days
I reset the information data of the inspector together and it looks like it's ike in the middle
That it has added a bad attitude wonderful strike from the library
I went to a rebar spot tree from entering cat
Let's get a camera or put a book camera
eh
I want to get out of the field
Really and Hey it is the depth of God of this character the edge
I will give you two ways before
I am now go to papa's back is
Do you know
Thank you on the back
I was on foot this year, so it was mappo, so the back was nothing
Design in the square in which you talk
I wonder if the meter Renault is good
ス 4 spar gope
But it rather cool even after leaving why Rick was in there this time
Tsu the do
Yes part of the attack before
a Soba yes I'm lying and no part at all
Tsu Na What ec
Crap
It was a granite and it was nice to see right
Chipa
It is Yes
Yes to the following, which will continue toying a sequence text after in the 1 and
By
It is opening a store, either one or rotating
Also it is left out ripe all you query the xyz to people improve
You entered addition
I can do this later and I will cut the wood later.
It feels like this
The
Follow
This is because it is not interesting as it is
Thank you
Let's try to increase the gap first because there is a companion
Although Felix widget was appropriately shifted
It will be a from each of the app Nbamu
So how about thank you
It will soon feel like the guests are scattered on the fire space
Since the by it come back here a little more six 4 was to give you the town office
It becomes Tonto become felt it and diggers moving something at the same time tied raise tell the spread
Ney
I think you multiplied by 100
Relieved
I 'll give it a random way and give it a speed easy weezer pull it
Te of the gas at the rate
We'll be on hand to Table of jet Te
It looks like this
Hae
Because I want to turn the camera during this state such Fu I 1 Group
A Hail to the camera because First, that contains the camera is also not a yes changed the camera
I will put a low beat
Women's First Corps
q Do you want to go out acupuncture and dawn
Deca medium amount José give the labor world instruction at the desired angle
Yes
eh
If mentioned as
Finally
The place when the dad rent is over 180 degrees
I was me by while spinning around what
Yes
It's Glasses
I just want to go around the flop chopped idol I'm just this fall apart
And we'll look strike is ne Yes Drunken Master to the text should be the sequence
It's like a white square flower like something in the behavior Animation here
Now it means to be accommodated I'm doing so at the same time animation and pin point begins
But it is good to shift this
If you do so a
Shape patties here tee to that hospital
Hmm
Yes
The sound of the previous time was thin thin right I was on the left
Out movement
You can What's the shape I want to adjust these two so that the sugar content feeling good
Oh why you think you will immediately feel a
For example Tsu I was raised to say that another'm a little camera
I thought
And it was the camera of cat zoom become a wonder to this kind of wind, such as the axis of rotation of the pie camera
Because it will
Double- clamped reset this time at the building mailer
Adjust
Oh Oh Aan
Cormorants along
And it'll cause
Let's take it to the sea ​​floor
Hmm
[musics]
I think
If it is possible to sweep duplicate and add x to break it
It is opening like a good angle school
The
I I'd seen that happened what do with was the very group
You should be able to do something
It was a person who felt that riding was good
I want it with my tongue
Yes Well if I'll was shaped like saying what
It's good out 3 in the guest the feeling is
Yes, if you add a model background that was this, it will be Ban Kamei
It is good to make a decent 3d tile
Yes Please try to use this resource text by all means by all means It was already Shimane more
[musics]
Hmm
Four
bap